# Java_ProductManager

This is an exercise project of a ProductManager application.

The first version of this project was a "Movie Manager" application which was able the handle movies with their title, genre, duration, rate, and cast including different data of the actors and actresses. The program also had to be able to save this data in an XML-file.  In the course of time this project has been improved to an general product manager application.

In the second version "Movie Manager" application improved to "Product Manager" which is now able to calculate prices and investments of buyable products. In the exercise I had to use abstract classes, interfaces and inheritance. In this store there are 3 types of products: movie, game and book. People can rent any type of products, but can buy only movies and games: books are only rentable. Every product has an identifier which is generated by the application itself. (But in the same time, the XML-handler function has been removed.)

In the third version I had to upgrade my Product and Buyable handler application, using serialization and networking. My task included to create a new class, called ObjectServer, what have to be able to run as a separated application, so it also have a main method. 
This class can send and receive objects over TCP, working as a server. 
The RentManager and the ObjectServer are expected to communicate with each other using sockets. 
ObjectServer can save given data to a file and load data from file, depends on its mode property. I also had to modify the Person class and every 'Product' class, because they are needed to be able to read/write with ObjectInputStream/ObjectOutputStream. I also had to create an enum which contains 3 values: GET, PUT and EXIT. Any of these values can be sent to the server which can process these "commands" and switches its mode: GET means the server should read the file which contains the previously stored data and send it to the caller. PUT means the server should be switched to "store" mode, so the data which is sent to the server after PUT command should be stored in a file. EXIT means the server should shut down and the sockets are needed to be closed.

The UML diagram of the ProductManager application can be found in UML_ProductManager.jpg and about the ObjectServer application it can be found in UML_ObjectServer.jpg.
